What is a Region?
geographical area containing 2 or more data centers

What is an Availability Zone?
one or more data centers each with redundant power, networking and connectivity, housed in seperate facilities

What is an Edge Location?
endpoint for AWS which is used for caching content.  Typically, this consists of CloudFront, Amazon's Content Delivery Network (CDN). 

How many Regions exist currently?
16 consisting of 44 availability zones.

How many Edge Locations exist currently?
96

What are the 5 AWS Compute services?
EC2, EC2 Container, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, LightSail, and Batch

What does EC2 stand for?
Elastic Compute Cloud.

What is the EC2 Container service used for?
Allows you to run and provision docker containers at scale.

What is Elastic Beanstalk?
it is a compute service intended for developers who don't understand AWS.  This service can be used to upload code.  The service will then handle provisioning of EC2 resources like auto scaling groups or load balancers.

What is Lambda?
service providing cloud based functions.  Essentially you upload code to the cloud and then you control when it executes.  There are no operating systems or virtual machines.

What is LightSail?
amazon's Virtual Private Server service (VPS). Intended for users who don't want to learn anything about AWS and want a private server to use. It will provision you with a server and a fixed IP address. It provides RDP access for windows and ssh access for linux. It also provides a management console for the server. Essentially it's a watered down version of the EC2 service.

What is the Compute Batch Service?
cloud based batch computing service. Currently, this service is not covered in any certification exam.

What are the 5 AWS storage services?
S3, EFS, Glacier, Snowball, Storage Gateway

What does "S3" stand for?
Simple Storage Service (S3). Amazon's object (file) based storage service. 

What is EFS?
Elastic File System (EFS). Network attached storage service. Using this service you can upload files to volumes which then can be mounted and accessed by virtual machines (aka EC2 instances).

What is Glacier?
Data archive service.

What is Snowball?
Service that can be used to upload large amounts of data to AWS via physical disk.

What is Storage Gateway used for?
Virtual appliances (machines) that you install in your data center (local environment) which then replicate data back to S3. There are 4 different types of gateways.

What are the 4 AWS Database services?
RDS, DynamoDB, ElasticCache, Red Shift

What is RDS?
Relational Database Service (RDS). SQL Server, MySQL, PostGreSQL, Oracle and Aurora.

What is Aurora?
Amazon's version of MySQL

What is DynamoDb?
Amazon's non-relational database offering -- aka NoSql.

What is Elasticache?
Caching service. It provides a mechanism for caching commonly used things from your database server.

What is Red Shift?
Data Warehousing or Business Intelligence services.

What are the 5 AWS Migration services?
AWS Migration Hub, Application Discovery Service, Database Migration Service, Server Migration Service, Snowball.

Which AWS offering is classified as both a Storage and a Migration service?
Snowball

What is the AWS Migration Hub?
Tracking service. It allows you to track your applications as you migrate them to AWS. It provides a mechanism for tracking (and visualizing) the migration services that you are currently using with a given application.	

What is Application Discovery Services used for?
Automated collection of tools that can be used to detect what applications you have and their dependencies.

What is the Database Migration Service used for?
Service that can used to migrate your databases from onsite to AWS.

What is the Server Migration Service used for?
Service that is similar to the Database Migration Service. It can be used to migrate an onsite server to AWS.

How is Snowball used for Migration?
Service that falls somewhere between storage and migration. Again, it can be used to upload large amounts of data to AWS via physical disk.

What are the 5 Network and Content Delivery services?
VPC, CloudFront, Route53, API Gateway, Direct Connect

What does VPC stand for and what is its purpose?
Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). Essentially its a virtual data center--firewalls, availability zones ... etc. Everything normally found in an actual data center based network. Note - In order to pass any associates exam you need to understand VPC inside out.

What is CloudFront?
Amazon's Content Delivery Network (CDN). 

What is Route53?
Amazon's Domain Name System (DNS) service.

What is the API Gateway service used for?
Provides a way of creating your own API's for your other services to talk too.

What is Direct Connect?
Provides a way for running a "dedicated line" from a physical data center directly into your VPC. It is an important topic for the Solution's Architect exam.

What are the 7 developer tool services?
CodeStar, CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, X-Ray, Cloud9

Are any of the developer tool services featured on associates exams?
No

What are the 9 Management services?
CloudWatch, CloudFormation, CloudTrail, Config, OpsWorks, Service Catalog, Systems Manager, Trusted Advisor, Managed Services

What is CloudWatch? Which exam is it featured on?
Monitoring Service. Bread and Butter of the SysOps Administrator Associates Exam.

What is CloudFormation used for? Which exam is it featured on?
Service for scripting infrastructure. Features heavily in the Solutions Architect associates exam as well as the Professional exams.

What is CloudTrail?
Audit trail service. Service used to log changes to your AWS environment. The service is turned on by default, but it only stores things for one week.

What is the Config Management service used for?
Service used to monitor the configuration of your entire AWS environment. It offers point in time snapshots that can be used to analyze the change of your configuration over time.

What service is OpsWorks similar too? Which exam is it covered on?
Service that is very similar to Elastic Beanstalk. It integrates both Chef and Puppet. Features prominently in the SysOps Administrator exam.


What is Service Catalog used for?
Service for managing a catalog of services that are available for use on AWS. Catalogs can include anything from EC2 images, operating systems, software ... etc. It is intended for large organizations with goverance and compliance requirements. It is not currently featured in any of the associates exams.

What is an example where Systems Manager could be used?  Is it featured on any exams?
Interface for managing your AWS resources.  Typically, its used for EC2 instances. A good example would patch maintenance. If you wanted to apply patches to 1000 of EC2 instances, the Systems Manager service is where you would do that. It is currently not featured in any of the associates exams.

What is Trusted Advisor?  Which exam is it covered on?
Featured in the Solutions Architect exam. Service that analyzes your AWS environment and provides "advice" on how it can be improved.

What is Managed Services used for?  Is it featured on any exams?
This is a relatively new service. Essentially it is AWS's managed service offering. If you don't want to worry about your EC2 instances or auto scaling, managed services can be used instead. It is not currently featured in any of the exams.

What are the 6 AWS Media Services?
Elastic Transcoder, MediaConvert, MediaLive, MediaPackage, MediaStore, MediaTailor

Are any of the AWS Media Services featured on any exam?
No

What are the 9 AWS Machine Learning services?
SageMaker, Comprehend, DeepLens, Lex, Machine Learning, Polly, Rekognition, Amazon Translate, Amazon Transcribe

Are any of the AWS Machine Learning services featured on any exam?
No

What service is behind Amazon Alexa?
Lex

Which Machine Learning service makes it easy to implement Deep Learning?
SageMaker

Which Machine Learning service can be used for sentiment analysis?
Comprehend

Which Machine Learning service provides a back end for an artificially aware camera?
DeepLens

Which Machine Learning service can be to convert text into speech?
Polly

Which Machine Learning service can be used to analyze (or describe) the contents of Media files?
Rekognition 

Which Machine Learning service is Amazon's answer to google translate?
Amazon Translate

Which Machine Learning service can be used to extract text from media files?
Amazon Transcribe

What are the 9 Analytic services?
Athena, EMR, CloudSearch, Elastic Search, Kinesis, Kinesis Video Streams, QuickSight, Data Pipelines, Glue

What Analytics service can be used to execute SQL against S3 objects and files?
Athena

What does EMR stand for?
Elastic Map Reducer

Which Analytics Service is used to analyze Big Data and featured prominently in the Solutions Architect exam?
EMR

What 2 Analytic Services are new and not covered on any exam yet?
CloudSearch and Elastic Search

What Analytic service can be used for real-time data analysis? Which exam is it featured prominently on?
Kinesis. Solutions Architect Exam.

What Analytic service can be used to perform analysis on video media? Is it covered on any exams.
Kinesis Video Streams. It is not covered on any exam.

What Analytic service can be used for Business Intelligence?  Is it covered on any exam?
QuickSight. It is not covered on any exam.

What Analytic service can be used to move data between other AWS services?  Which exam is it featured on?
Data Pipelines. It comes up in the Solutions Architect Professional and Developers associate exams.

What Analytic service can be used for ETL data processing? Is it featured on any exams?
Glue. It is not currently featured on any exam.

What are the 11 Security Identity and Compliance Services?
IAM, Cognito, GuardDuty, Inspector, Macie, Certificate Manager, CloudHSM, Directory Service, WAF, Shield, Artifact

What does IAM stand for?
Identity Access Management

What exam is IAM featured in?
Solutions Architect

What service is used to grant temporary device access to AWS resources?
Cognito

What service can be used to monitor your AWS account for malicious activities?
GuardDuty

What service can be used to look for security vulnerabilities on EC2 instances?
Inspector

What service can be used to verify the security of S3 buckets?
Macie

Which service is used to generate SSL certificates for Route53 registered domains?
Certificate Manager

What is a Security Module?
A security module is a dedicated piece of hardware used to store private and public authentication keys.

What can CloudHSM be used for? How much does it cost?
It can be used for anything within AWS requiring authentication such as EC2 instances. The keys can also be used to encrypt objects on AWS. The service used be very expensive and required a 5K setup fee. However, Amazon recently released per hour billing costing a 1.20$ per hour.

What service is used to integrate Microsoft Active Directory? Which exam is it featured on?
Directory Service.  It is featured at high level on the Solutions Architects exam.

What does WAF stand for?
Web Application Firewall

What service can be used to prevent cross-site scripting and SQL injections attack? Which exam is it covered on?
WAF.  The service is featured in the Security Specialists exam.

What does DDoS stand for?
Distrubited Denial of Service (DDoS)

What service is used to mitigate DDoS attacks?
Shield

What services is Shield enabled for by default? 
CloudFront, Load Balancers, Route53

How much does the advanced version of Shield cost?  What makes it more advanced?
The advanced version of the service that can be used for 24Hr protection. It cost 3K per month.

What service can be used to download on demand AWS audit and compliance reports?
Artifact

What service can be used to download SOC or PCI reports?
Artifact

What are the 5 Mobile AWS offerings?
Mobile Hub, Pinpoint, AWS AppSync, Device Farm, Mobile Analytics

Are any of the Mobile services featured on any of the exams?
No

What service provides a management console for mobile apps?
Mobile Hub

What service can be used to create push notifications for mobile apps?
Pinpoint

What service can be used to test mobile apps on actual devices?
Device Farm

Given an existing Mobile App, what service is used to port the app to AWS?  How does it work?
Mobile Hub. using the service you create a  "mobile hub". This will setup AWS services for you generating a cloud configuration file. You then use the AWS mobile SDK to connect your mobile app to your new AWS backend.

What mobile service can be used to update data in real time?
AWS AppSync

What service can be used for Mobile App Analytics?
Mobile Analytics

What does AR and VR stand for?
Augmented Reality. Virtual Reality.

What service can be used to develop AR, VR or 3D environments?
Sumerian

Does Sumerian require any prior development (or coding) experience?
No

What are the 5 Application Integration services?
Step Functions, Amazon MQ, SNS, SQS, SWF

What service is used to manage lamba functions and their workflow? Is it featured on any of the exams?
Step Functions.  It is not currently featured on any exam.

What service is similar to RabbitMQ?
Amazon MQ

What does SNS stand for?
Simple Notification Service

What is the original notification service launched in 2006
SNS

What does SQS stand for?
Simple Queue Service

What service can be used to decouple infrastructure
SQS

What does SWF stand for?
Simple WorkFlow 

What service is actually used by Amazon's product warehouses?
SWF

What are the 2 Customer Engagement Services?
Connect, SES

What service can be used to migrate an organization's call center to the cloud?  Is it covered on any of the exams?
Connect. This is a new service. It is not (yet) covered on any exam.

What does SES stand for?
Simple Email Service.

What service can  be used to manage email communication with customers?  What exam is it covered on?
SES.  This service is covered at high level on the Solutions Architect exam.

What are the 4 Business Productivity services?
Alexa for Business, Chime, Work Docs, WorkMail

What service can be used to dial into a meeting room or order ink for the printer?  Is it covered on any of the exams?
Alexa for Business.  It is not covered on any of the exams.

What service is similar to Google Hangouts or Zoom Meetings?
Chime

What service is comparable to DropBox?
Work Docs

What are the 4 IoT services?
iOT, iOT Device Management, Amazon FreeRTOS, Greengrass

What service is similar to Gmail?
WorkMail

What are the 2 Desktop and App Streaming services?
Workspaces, AppStream 2.0

What does VDI stand for?
Virtual Desktop Infrastructure

What is Amazon's VDI offering?
Workspaces service

What is the AWS version of citrix?
AppStream 2.0

What does IoT stand for?
Internet of Things

Are any of the IoT services covered on any exam?
No

What is a scaleable service for managing IoT devices?
iOT Device Management

What does RTOS stand for?
Real Time Operating Systems

What is the Amazon FreeRTOS service?
It is essentially an operating system designed for micro controllers.

What service can be used to securely run Machine learning on an IoT device?
Greengrass

What is the one game development service?  Is it covered on any exams?
GameLift.  It is not currently not featured on any exams.
