What is Storage Gateway?
An "S3 product" enterprise solution for using S3 to store or archive data.

How does it work?
Storage gateway is a "virtual appliance" you install into a hyper-visor running in your data center.  And then
    that virtual appliance will then propagate (or asynchronous replicate) your information up to AWS and in
    particular S3 and potentially Glacier.

How is it installed? What formats are offered?
You download a virtual machine image that you install on a host in your data center. It supports either
    VMWare ESXi or Microsoft Hyper-V.

What interface is used to manage storage gateway options?
AWS Management Console

What are the four types of gateways?
File Gateway (NFS), Volume Gateway (iSCSI), Tape Gateway (VTL)

What is File Gateway?
Files are stored as objects in your S3 buckets, accessed through a Network File System (NFS) mount point. 

What is Volumes Gateway? What is a snapshot?
Presents your application with disk volumes using iSCSI block protocol. Data is then asynchronously backed up as 
    point-in-time snapshots of volumes, and stored in S3 as Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) snapshots. 
    Snapshots are incremental backups that capture only changed blocks. All snapshot storage is also compressed 
    to minimize storage changes.

What would use Volume Gateway to store?
An operating system or database server.

How many types of Volume Gateways are there?
2

What are Gateway Stored Volumes -- aka "Stored Volumes"?
Stored volumes let you store your primary data locally, while asynchronously backing up your data to AWS.

What is the minimum size of a Stored Volume snapshot? Maximum size?
1 GB. 16 TB.

What are Gateway Cached Volumes -- aka "Cached Volumes"? 
Cached volumes let you use S3 as the primary data storage while retaining frequently accessed data locally.

What is the minimum size of Cached Volumes? Maximum size?
1 GB / 32 TB.

What does VTL stand for?
Virtual Tape Library (VTL)

What is Gateway VTL-- aka "Tape Storage"?
Lets you leverage your existing tape-based backup application infrastructure to store data on virtual tape 
    cartridges that are then asynchronously written to S3. Supported by NetBackup, Backup Exec Veeam etc.
