What is the `Cost Optimization` pillar?
Use the Cost Optimization pillar to reduce your costs to a minimum and use those savings for other parts of your
    business. A cost-optimized system allows you to pay the lowest price possible while still achieving your 
    business objectives.

What are the five design principles of `Cost Optimization`?
(1) Transparently attribute expenditure; (2) Use managed services to reduce cost of ownership; (3) Trade capital 
    expense for operating expense; (4) Benefit from economies of scale; (5) Stop spending money on data center 
    operations

What 4 areas define `Cost Optimization` in the cloud?
(1) Matched supply and demand; (2) Cost-effecive resources; (3) Expenditure awareness; (4) Optimizing over time

How do you match supply to demand to optimize cost?
Try to optimally align supply with demand. Don't over provision or under provision, instead as demand grows, so should
    your supply of compute resources. Think of things like Autoscaling which scale with demand. Similarly in a server-less
    context, use services such as Lambda that only execute (or respond) when a request (demand) comes in. Services such 
    as CloudWatch can also help you keep track as to what your demand is.

As an architect, what 2 questions should you ask when evaluating the `cost optimization of supply and demand`?
(1) How do you make sure your capacity matches but does not substantially exceed what you need? (2) How are you 
    optimizing your usage of AWS services?

Why is selecting the correct instance type key to cost savings?
You might have a reporting process that is running on a t2-Micro and it takes 7 hours to complete. That same process
    could be run on an m4.2xlarge in a manner of minutes. The result remains the same but the t2.micro is more expensive
    because it ran for longer. A well architected system will use the most cost efficient resources to reach the end 
    business goal.

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask when evaluating `resource cost optimization`?
(1) Have you selected the appropriate resource types to meet your cost targets? (2) Have you selected the 
    appropriate pricing model to meet your cost targets? (3) Are there managed services (higher-level services than 
    Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, and Amazon S3) that you can use to improve your ROI?

Why is expenditure awareness crucial to `cost optimization`? 
Many organisations have different teams, each with their own AWS accounts. Being aware of what each team is
    spending and where is crucial to any well architected system. You can use cost allocation tags to track this billing
    alerts as well as consolidated billing.

What 3 features can you use to track expenditures?
Cost allocation tags; Billing alarms; Consolidated billing

As an architect, what 4 questions should you ask when evaluating `expenditure awareness optimization`?
(1) What access controls and procedures do you have in place to govern AWS costs? (2) How are you monitoring usage 
    and spending? (3) How do you decommission resources that you no longer need, or stop resources that are temporarily 
    not needed? (4) How do you consider data-transfer charges when designing your architecture?

What are two ways to keep up with changes to AWS?
Subscribe to the AWS blog; Using Trusted Advisor

As an architect, what 1 question should you ask when evaluating `optimization overtime`?
How do you manage and/or consider the adoption of new services?

What service feature is used to optimize supply and demands?
Autoscaling

What service is used for resource cost optimization?
EC2 (reserved instance), AWS Trusted Advisor

What service is used for expenditure awareness optimization?
CloudWatch Alarms, SNS

What tools are used for optimization overtime?
AWS Blog, AWS Trusted Advisor
