What are the 5 Security Design Principles?
(1) Apply security at all layers; (2) Enable Traceability; (3) Automate responses to Security Events; 
    (4) Focus on Securing your system; (5) Automate Security Best Practices

What is the shared responsibility model?
Diagram illustrating what security the customer is responsible for vs. what amazon is responsible for.

In general what security are Amazon customers responsible for in the cloud?
Customers are responsible for security "IN" the cloud.

In general what security is Amazon responsible for in the cloud?
Amazon is responsible for security "OF" the cloud.

Specifically, what 6 things must customers secure in the cloud?
(1) Customer Data; (2) Platform, Applications, Identity & Access management; (3) Operating Systems, Network, and
    Firewall Configuration; (4) Client-side Data Encryption & Data Integrity Authentication; (5) Server-Side Encryption
    (File Systems and/or Data); (6) Network Traffic Protection (Encryption / Integrity / Identity)

Specifically, what 7 things must Amazon secure in the cloud?
(1) Compute Services; (2) Storage Services; (3) Database Services; (4) Networking Services; (5) Regions;
    (6) Availability Zones; (7) Edge Locations

What four areas does Security in the cloud consist of?
(1) Data Protection; (2) Privilege Management; (3) Infrastructure Protection; (4) Detective Controls

Define `Data Protection`.
Before you begin to architect security practices across your environment, basic data classification should be in
    place. You should organise and classify your data into segments such as publicly available, available to only 
    members of your organisation, available to only certain members of your organisation, available only to the 
    board etc. You should also implement a least privilege access system so that people are only able to access what
    they need. However, most importantly, you should encrypt everything where possible, whether it be at rest or in
    transit.

What is a least privelege access system?
People are only able to access what they need.

How is encryption (usually) implemented for data in transit?
HTTPS

What are the 6 `Data Protection` best practices?
(1) Customers maintain full control over their data; (2) Easy encryption and key management; (3) Detailed logging;
    (4) Storage system resilency -- S3 11 nines guarantee; (5) Versioning; (6) Only customers can move data between
    regions.

In the case of S3, what does the 11 nines guarantee mean?
if you store 10,000 objects on S3, you can on average expect to incur a loss of a single object once every 
    10,000,000 years.

As an architect, what two questions should you ask about `Data Protection`?
(1) How are you encrypting and protecting your data at rest? (2) How are you encrypting and protecting your data in 
    transit? (SSL)

Define `Privilege Management`.
Privilege Management ensures that only authorized and authenticated users are able to access your resources, 
    and only in a manner that is intended.

What are the 3 `Privilege Management` best practices.
(1) Access Control Lists (ACLs); (2) Role Based Access Controls; (3) Password management (such as password) 
    rotation policies

As an architect, what 4 questions should you ask about `Privilege Management` when building a new system?
(1) How are you protecting access to and use of the AWS root account credentials? (2) How are you defining roles 
    and responsibilities of system users to control human access to the AWS Management Console and APIs? (3) How are 
    you limiting automated access (such as from applications, scripts, or third-party tools or services) to AWS 
    resources? (4) How are you managing keys and credentials?

Define `Infrastructure Protection`.
Outside of the cloud, this how you protect your data center.

What are the 4 `Infrastructure Protection` best practices.
(1) RFID controls; (2) Security; (3) Lockable cabinets; (4) CCTV

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask about `Infrastructure Protection`?
(1) How are you enforcing network and host-level boundary protection? (2) How are you enforcing AWS service level 
    protection? (3) How are you protecting the integrity of the operating systems on your EC2 instances?

Define `Detective Controls`.
You can use detective controls to detect or identify a security breach.

What are the 4 services that can be used to implement `Detective Controls`?
(1) AWS CloudTrail; (2) Amazon CloudWatch; (3) AWS Config; (4) Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3); (5) Amazon 
    Glacier

As an architect, what 1 question should you ask about `Detective Controls`?
How are you capturing and analyzing AWS logs?
