What is a well-architected Framework?
This has been developed by the Solutions Architecture Team based on their experience with helping AWS customers. The
    well architected framework is a set of questions that you can use to evaluate how well your architecture is aligned
    to AWS best practices.

What are the 5 pillars of the well-architected framework?
(1) Security; (2) Reliability; (3) Performance Efficiency; (4) Cost Optimisation; (5) Operational Excellence

What are the 5 topics presented in the discussion each pillar?
(1) Design Principles; (2) Definition; (3) Best Practices; (4) Key AWS Services; (5) Resources

 How do you stop guessing about capacity needs using the cloud?
Auto Scaling

How does the cloud enable production scale testing?
In the cloud you can create a production scale test environment on demand.  This can be achieved using cloud
    formation. This allows you to complete your testing and then decommission the resources.

How do you make architectural experimentation easier?
Automation.  The more you automate the more you can experiment.  Again, cloud formation is a perfect example.  If
    you have your entire production enviroment in cloud formation, then you can add and remove resources and see what
    effect that has overall on your production environment.

What is the benefit of automated architecture?
Automation allows you to create and replicate your systems at a low cost and avoid the expense of manual effort. You
    can track changes to your automation, audit the impact, and revert to previous parameters where necessary. 

The more you automate the more you can ____.
Experiment.

How does the cloud enable architecture to evolve?
In traditional environment architecture decisions are implemented as static one time events. You might change
    your architecture once every 3 months, or once every 6 months, or once you have had an outage.  If you think about
    your business, its going to continously change.  This is especially true in cloud. So these initial decisions could
    hinder the system to deliver changing business requirements. In the cloud the capability to automate and test on
    demand lowers the risk from a design change. This allows systems to evolve over time. So that businesses can
    take advantage of innovation as standard best practices.

How does the cloud allow for data-driven architecture?
In the cloud you can collect data on how your architecture decisions have been affecting the behaivor of your
    workload. So using services like CloudWatch can allow you to make fact based decisions about how to improve
    your workload.

What are game days?
You test how your architecture and processes perform by simulating events in production.  For example, a game
    day of a black friday sale.  You setup a copy of your production environment using the cloud formation service, 
    You load test the crap out of it in order to verify that it doesn't fall over, and then you decomission it.
