What is `utility billing`?
Usage based costing

Why do many start-ups get started on AWS?
Business Benefits

What are the 5 business benefits of the cloud?
(1) almost zero infrastructure investment; (2) just-in-time infrastructure; (3) more efficient resource utilization;
    (4) usage based costing; (5) reduced time to market

What are the 7 technical benefits of the cloud?
(1) scriptable infrastructure; (2) auto-scaling; (3) proactive-scaling; (4) more efficient development lifecycle;
    (5) improved testability; (6) disaster recovery and business continuity; (7) overflow traffic to the cloud

Why are many companies moving to the cloud?
Infrastructure cost reduction through elasticity and autoscaling

Why should you design for failure?
By being a pessimist you end up thinking about recovery strategies during design time, which helps in designing an 
    overall system better

What is the Netflix Siam Army?
A set of automated tools developed by Netflix and implemented into production to simulate certain disaster recovery
    events in order to insure that their cloud infrastructure can automatically adapt.

 What is the key to decoupling components?
The key is to build components that do not have tight dependencies on each other, so that if one component were to 
    die (fail), sleep (not respond), or remain busy (slow to respond) for some reason, the other components in the 
    system are built so to continue to work as if no failure is happening

How does de-coupling achieve a "black box" effect?
In essence, loose coupling isolates the various layers and components of your application so that each component 
    interacts asynchronously with the others and treats them as a "black box".

 When you see the word "decouple" on the exam, think ___.
SQS

How do you apply decoupling in a web-based architecture?
In the case of online architecture, use SQS isolate the the app server from the web server and from the database. 
    The app server does not know about your web server and vice versa, this gives decoupling between these layers and 
    there are no dependencies code-wise or from any functional perspective.

How do you apply decoupling in a batch-based architecture?
Create asynchronous components that are independent of each other and communicate via SQS.

What are the three ways to implement `Elasticity`?
(1) `Proactive Cyclic Scaling` - Period scaling that occurs at fixed intervals (daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly); 
    (2) `Proactive Event-based Scaling` - Scaling just when you are expecting a big surge of traffic requests due to
    scheduled business events (new product launch, marketing campaigns); (3) `Autoscaling based on demand` - By using 
    monitoring services, your system can send triggers to take the appropriate actions so that it scales up or down 
    based on metrics (utilization of servers or networks i/o ... etc.)

How do you secure Web Servers?
Place them in a security group that limit access to HTTP (port 80) and HTTPS (port 443)

How do you secure App Servers?
Limit external access to SSH (port 22); Only permit Web layer access to the API layer

How do you secure Db Servers?
No external access; Only permit App layer access to the DB Layer
