 What are the 5 pillars?
(1) Security; (2) Reliability; (3) Performance efficiency; (4) Cost optimization; (5) Operational excellence

What 4 areas does `Security` consist of?
(1) Data protection; (2) Privilege management; (3) Infrastructure protection; (4) Detective controls

As an architect, what two questions should you ask about `Data Protection`?
(1) How are you encrypting and protecting your data at rest? (2) How are you encrypting and protecting your data in 
    transit? (SSL)

As an architect, what 4 questions should you ask about `Privilege Management` when building a new system?
(1) How are you protecting access to and use of the AWS root account credentials? (2) How are you defining roles 
    and responsibilities of system users to control human access to the AWS Management Console and APIs? (3) How are 
    you limiting automated access (such as from applications, scripts, or third-party tools or services) to AWS 
    resources? (4) How are you managing keys and credentials?

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask about `Infrastructure Protection`?
(1) How are you enforcing network and host-level boundary protection? (2) How are you enforcing AWS service level 
    protection? (3) How are you protecting the integrity of the operating systems on your EC2 instances?

As an architect, what 1 question should you ask about `Detective Controls`?
How are you capturing and analyzing AWS logs?

What 3 areas does `Reliability` consist of?
(1) Foundations; (2) Change management; (3) Failure management

As an architect, what 3 questions should ask when evaluating the `foundation` of system `reliability`?
(1) How are you managing AWS service limits for your account? (2) How are you planning your network topology on AWS?
    (3) Do you have an escalation path to deal with technical issues?

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask in order to establish `reliable change management`?
(1) How does your system adapt to change in demand? (2) How are you monitoring AWS resources? (3) How are you 
    executing change management?

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask in order to establish `reliable failure management`?
(1) How are you backing up your data? (2) How are you monitoring AWS resources? (3) How are you planning for 
    recovery?

What 4 areas does `Performance Efficiency` in the cloud consist of?
(1) Compute; (2) Storage; (3) Database; (4) Space-Time Trade-off

As an architect, what 4 questions should ask when evaluating the `compute performance efficiency`?
(1) How do you select the appropriate instance type for your system? (2) How do you ensure that you 
    continue to have the most appropriate instance type as new instance types and features are introduced?
    (3) How do you monitor your instances post launch to ensure they are performing as expected? (4) How do you ensure 
    that the quantity of your instances match the demand?

As an architect, what 4 questions should ask when evaluating the `storage performance efficiency`?
(1) How do you select the appropriate storage solution for your system? (2) How do you ensure that you continue to 
    have the most appropriate storage solution as new storage solutions and features are launched? (3) How do you 
    monitor your storage solution to ensure it is performing as expected? (4) How do you ensure that the capacity and 
    throughput of your storage solutions matches demand?

As an architect, what 4 questions should ask when evaluating the `database performance efficiency`?
(1) How do you select the appropriate database solution for your system? (2) How do you ensure that you continue to 
    have the most appropriate database solution and features as new database solution and features are launched?
    (3) How do you monitor your databases to ensure performance is as expected? (4) How do you ensure the capacity and 
    throughput of your databases matches demand?

As an architect, what 4 questions should ask when evaluating `latency performance efficiency`?
(1) How do you select the appropriate proximity and caching solution for your system? (2) How do you ensure that you
    continue to have the most appropriate proximity and caching solutions as new solutions are launched? (3) How do you 
    monitor your proximity and caching solutions to ensure performance is as expected? (4) How do you ensure that the 
    proximity and caching solutions you have matches demand?

What 4 areas define `Cost Optimization` in the cloud?
(1) Matched supply and demand; (2) Cost-effecive resources; (3) Expenditure awareness; (4) Optimizing over time

As an architect, what 2 questions should you ask when evaluating the `cost optimization of supply and demand`?
(1) How do you make sure your capacity matches but does not substantially exceed what you need? (2) How are you 
    optimizing your usage of AWS services?

As an architect, what 3 questions should you ask when evaluating `resource cost optimization`?
(1) Have you selected the appropriate resource types to meet your cost targets? (2) Have you selected the 
    appropriate pricing model to meet your cost targets? (3) Are there managed services (higher-level services than 
    Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, and Amazon S3) that you can use to improve your ROI?

As an architect, what 4 questions should you ask when evaluating `expenditure awareness optimization`?
(1) What access controls and procedures do you have in place to govern AWS costs? (2) How are you monitoring usage 
    and spending? (3) How do you decommission resources that you no longer need, or stop resources that are temporarily 
    not needed? (4) How do you consider data-transfer charges when designing your architecture?

As an architect, what 1 question should you ask when evaluating `optimization overtime`?
How do you manage and/or consider the adoption of new services?

What are the 3 best practice areas of `operational excellence` in the cloud?
(1) Preparation; (2) Operation; (3) Response

As an architect, what 2 questions should you ask to insure effective `preparation`?
(1) What best practices for cloud operations are you using? (2) How are you doing configuration management for 
    your workload?

As an architect, what 2 questions should you ask to insure effective `operation`?
(1) How are evolving your workload while minimizing the impact of change? (2) How do you monitor your workload to 
    ensure it is operating as expected?

As an architect, what 2 questions should you ask to insure effective operational `responses`?
(1) How do you respond to unplanned operational events? (2) How is escalation managed when responding to 
    unplanned operational events?
