Do all regions offer the same services?
No

What region does the IAM service belong?
None.  It is a "global service" effecting all regions.

Where can you find your AWS user number?
User Name > My Account

How can you make your AWS user number more memorable?
Use the IAM customize link

What is your root account?
The email you used originally setup your AWS account.

What is MFA?
Multi-Factor Authentication

What is an example of a Virtual Hardware Authentication App?
Google Authentication

Why should activate MFA on your root account?
So if someone gets your root password, they still won't be able to use your account without using authentication via a physical device.

What are the two types of accesses offered in IAM when setting up new users?
Programmatic and Console

What is a policy?
A document that attach to users or groups defining their access priveleges

What is the format of Policy documents?
JSON

What policies would you include to create a "System Admin" group?
SystemAdministrator, SystemAdministratorAccess

What do you need to programmatically access AWS?
Access key ID, Secret Access Key

In the console, when creating a new user why should you download the credentials?
Because you are only allowed to see their Secret Access Key once

Can you use your username and password for programmatic access to AWS?
No

Can you use your programmatic access tokens to access the console?
No

Can policies be added to individual users?
Yes

If a user loses their Secret Access Key, what must you do?
Regenerate it

What four things must you do in IAM after signing up for AWS?
(1) Delete root access keys, (2) Activate MFA, (3) Create users and groups, (4) Apply Password Policy

What is a Role?
A way of granting permission to entities you trust

Why would you not want to give your EC2 instances AdministratorAccess?
Its effectively granting them "God" mode -- they can do anything

What 3 things can policies be applied too?
Users, Roles and Groups

What is IAM used for?
Users, Roles and Groups

What are 3 important attributes of a policy document?
Effect, Action, Resource

Is IAM universal or region specific?
Universal

What account do you setup MFA on?
Root

Can you create and customise your own password rotation policies?
Yes

What is access does a "Power User" have?
Access to all AWS services except the management of groups and users within IAM.

Can IAM be used to configure "Organizational Units"?
No

What white paper is relevant to mastering IAM?
AWS Security Best Practices ~ https://github.com/bradyhouse/house/blob/aws-baseline/fiddles/aws/iam.md#aws-security-best-practices

What is the default level of access a newly created IAM User is granted?
No access to any AWS services
No access to any AWS services
No access to any AWS services
