What is the AWS Organization Services?
AWS Organizations is an account management service that enables you to consolidate multiple AWS accounts into an 
    organization that create and centrally manage.

What are the two AWS Organization feature sets?
(1) Consolidated Billing; (2) All Features

Why would you (or rather an organization) have multiple AWS accounts?
Within an organization, each team may have its own AWS user account.

What is an `OU`?
Organizational Unit associated with a specific set of AWS user accounts.

Using AWS Organizations, what can policies be applied to? (2)
OU's; AWS Accounts

What are the `Consolidated Billing` actors? (2)
Paying Account; Linked Accounts

What is the common characteristic of both Paying and Linked Accounts? Technically speaking
    what does this mean?
Independent; Account cannot access the resources of other accounts

How many accounts are you currently allowed to link?
20

What are the advantages ouf using `Consolidated Billing`? (3)
(1) One bill per AWS Paying account; (2) Very easy to track charges and allocate costs;
    (3) Volume pricing discount

What are the `Consolidated Billing` 3 best practices?
(1) Always enable multi-factor authentication on the root account; (2) Always use a strong and complex 
    password on root account; (3) Paying account should be used for billing purposes only. Do not deploy 
    resources in the paying account

When monitoring is enabled on the paying account is the billing data for all linked accounts 
    included?
Yes

Can billing alerts be setup on linked accounts?
Yes

How is CloudTrail enabled? (2) Why is this important to remember?
Per account; per region; If you want to use CloudTrail for auditing purposes, you must it 
    enable per account and region

You can consolidate logs using a ___ ___.
S3 Bucket

How do you consolidate linked account logs using the paying account? (3)
(1) Turn on CloudTrail in the paying account; (2) Create a bucket policy that allows cross account 
    access; (3) Turn on CloudTrail in the other accounts and use the bucket in the paying account

Why does `Consolidated Billing` make sense for organization using EC2? S3?
Unused reserved instances for EC2 are applied across all linked accounts; S3 pricing get cheaper as the
    amount of TB's consumed increases. Total storage (or TB's consumed) is calculated based on
    all linked account usage.



