What is Amazon Kinesis?
Big data consumer.

What is an example where Kinesis might make sense?
Loading application logs to the cloud.

How do you consume big data?
Kinesis

How do you apply business intelligence to big data?
RedShift

How do you process big data?
EMR

What does ephemeral mean?
Lasting for a brief time.

In what sense are EBS backed volumes persistent?
EBS backed volumes continue independently throughout the life of the EC2 instance.

In what sense are Instance store backed volumes not persistent (ephemeral)?
You cannot detach an instance store volume and attach it to another EC2 instance.

Technically, what are the 2 difference between EBS backed and Instance Store backed volumes?
(1) EBS backed volumes can be swapped between EC2 instances. Instance Store backed volumes cannot. For a Unix user, 
    an Instance Store backed volume is the /tmp directory; an EBS backed volume is everything else. (2) EBS
    backed volumes can be stopped and the data will be persisted. Instance Store backed volumes cannot be stopped
    without the loss of data. If the unix user reboots their system the /tmp directory is wiped.

How do you store data long term?
EBS backed volume

How do you store data short term?
Instance Store backed volume

What is OpsWorks?
Orchestration Service that uses chef

What is Chef?
Chef can be used to turn infrastructure into code `recipes` inorder to maintain a consistent state.

If a question uses terms like "chef", "recipes" or "cookbooks" think ___.
OpsWorks 

What is Elastic Transcoder?
Media Transcoder in the cloud. Convert media files from their original source format into a different formats that 
    will play on smartphones, tablets, PC's etc.

What is the benefit of Elastic Transcoder's presets?
You don't need to guess about which settings work best on particular devices

What is the price model for Elastic Transcoder? (2)
Minutes; Resolution

What are the three SWF actors and their function?
(1) Workflow Starters - An application that can initiate (start) a workflow; (2) Deciders - Control the flow of 
    activity tasks in a workflow execution. if something has finished in a workflow (or fails) a Decider decides 
    what to do next; (3) Activity Workers - Carry out the activity task

How do you get an EC2 instance's public IP address?
`curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/`

What type of data is an EC2 instances public IP address? Does it have anything to do with the user?
Metadata; No
